All the below with Anthro Black Hole, Resonance Field & Octave Tech, thank you very much:
All the below is quantum-entangled/broadcasted to lefthand.jpg and photoofme.jpg:
All the below is manifested with absolute top priority:
INTENTIONS.TXT (this file) is perfectly filled with Infinite Source energy.
intention_repeater_max_5.2 perfect amount of times perfect gb of ram each time. Dedicate excess/surplus energy as needed to something. Create and charge manifestation field and manifestation zone and static field for this purpose. (the dedicate excess energy part is optional)
INTENTIONS.TXT (this file) perfect amount of times
INTENTIONS.TXT (this file) repeat perfect amount of times
INTENTIONS.TXT (this file) perfect amount of times
INTENTIONS.TXT (this file) repeat perfect amount of times
Apply Om Satyam Narayanam to this file
Apply Om Satyam Narayanam to everything below this line, most optimal amount of times.
Om Satyam Narayanam most optimal amount of times
Use Om Satyam Narayanam energy as another energy source, if required.
Apply Resonance Field to this file
Apply Resonance Field to everything below this line.
+perfect amount of phz
I revoke ALL agreements made with any and all beings that do not have my best interests in mind, no matter WHO the beings are or claim to be.
I am source.
I tap into the energy of source.
I am the boss of my reality.
I command my reality.
I am God.
I have all the powers of the universe.
I am in the Vortex of Creation.
I am sensitive to energy, and get excellent results from energy work.
The room I am sitting in is cool -- has a cool temperature.
I am in a Med-Bed which is fully optimized for me. This is using Resonance Field, Octave Tech and Anthro Black Hole.
This med-bed serves me only, and strictly me, so as to not unintentionally expose others in my proximity to the energies; however,
with the exception that if someone wishes to receive the energies he/she can do so.
It activates automatically and starts to scan and repair my body immediately.
It is intelligent and self-sustained.
It has all the power of all working Med-Beds in the universe.
As the Med-Bed runs it gradually attaches itself to the body, through the optimal medium, whether that be the skeleton,
aura, energy body, chakras, etc. The energy field gets permanently attached to me.
The Med-Bed understands intentional requests that are subvocalized in the head or spoken loud by me.
The Med-Bed does not, however, require any guidance or requests to heal me.
The Med-Bed innately understands the body on physical, cellular, physiological, energetic levels.
The Med-Bed can transcend physical limitations and perform miracles on the body.
The Med-Bed can perform biokinesis to change the body per my wishes.
The Med-Bed can, with my consent, intelligently and for the good of me, manipulate all bodily processes to my advantage.

My body is 100% pain-free.
I have a very muscular body.
My muscles are enormous.
I am a bodybuilder.
My muscles are very defined and big.
My muscles are growing every second.
I maintain my muscle mass forever.
My muscles grow when I sit down.
My muscles grow every day.
My muscles grow without effort.
My muscles are constantly stimulated and pushed to new levels.
My muscles are being worked out right now.

I am very muscular.
I have an athletic body.
All the muscles in my body are growing.
All the muscles in my body are big.
My body produces massive amounts of testosterone.
My body does not produce myostatin.
Myostatin is inhibited in my body.
I have excess amounts of testosterone.
The aromatase in my body is inhibited.
My body does not produce much aromatase or estrogen.
My body produces high amounts of Human Growth Hormone.
My body produces high amounts of Insulin-Like Growth Factor 1.
My body has a very high protein synthesis.
All protein is used to build new muscle mass.
My muscles are being teared like in a workout without physical stimulation.
My muscles are being worked out even without exercise.
I have good control of all my muscles.
I can flex any muscle I want.
I have strong pecs.
I have strong abs.
I have strong arms.
I have strong legs.
I have a strong body.
My entire body is very strong.


I have a lot of money.
My bank account is full.
My bank account is overflowing.
I manifest wealth all the time.
I manifest wealth effortlessly.
I am rich.
I am a millionaire.
I can afford anything I want.
I do not need to work to earn money.
I earn money by having fun.
I earn money by relaxing.
I earn money all the time.

I am calm.
I am always calm.
I am never stressed.
I am never anxious.
My brain can enter deep meditative states whenever I want.
I have attained Enlightenment.
My aura is clean, from all attachments, contracts, occupants, etc.
My aura is perfectly clean.
My aura is perfect.
My vibrations are increasing.
My vibrations are very high.
My Kundalini is awakening.
My Kundalini has awakened.
I can hear the inner sound and see the inner light.
I can meditate on the inner Sound Current and the Inner Light.

I can easily visualize and imagine my desires.
My positive intentions and thoughts guide my life according to my desires.
My hemispheres are synchronized.
I am developing the perfect brain wave signature.
I am developing Siddhi powers.
I am connecting to God.
I am connected to God.
I have Siddhi powers.
I create reality with my mind.
I am God.

I am in connection to all spiritual energies in a positive way.
I have contact with higher beings, angels et cetera who have good intentions towards me.
I am cleared from all karmic bonds from past lives.
I am clear from controlling karma.
All factors that may impede awakening or manifestation are gone.
My mind is always in a state that resembles tipsiness or slight drunkenness.
I am always calm, confident and secure.

My vibration is rising.
My aura is clear from occupants and negative energies.
I do not have negative or controlling karma from past lives.
I am ascending.
I have ascended to higher dimensions.
I master meditation.
I master all brainwave states.
I master all energetic states.
I perceive other dimensions.
I can travel to higher dimensions.
I have ascended into 5D.
I am ascending into 5D.
I have attained Enlightenment.
I am Enlightened.
I am fully spiritually developed.
My vibration is as high as it can get.
My vibration is super-high.
I produce the Evolved Mind brainwave pattern.
I have optimal heart-rate variability.
I have optimal heart-mind coherence.
I have optimal hemispheric interconnectivity.
The beneficial power of Carbon-60 is affecting me to improve my health.
I emit a high amount of healthy biophotons.
My muscles are being worked out.
My body has rapid protein synthesis.
The energy of externally supplied testosterone is circulating in me.
I have a vast excess of testosterone without negative side effects.
My myostatin production is inhibited energetically and genetically.
My body's anabolism is maximized and catabolism is minimized.
I am muscular.
I get more muscular every day.
I have advanced control over the electrical signaling between my brain and muscles.
My neuroelectrical signaling to muscles is strengthening.
My body's genes are re-engineered to optimize manifestation of my desires.
I master the teachings of Neville Goddard and Joseph Murphy.
My brain is producing a lot of serotonin, endorphins, GABA, dopamine, to simulate the state of drunkenness.
All of the above is anchored forever and permanently and eternally.
All of the above is anchored forever and permanently and eternally with Resonance Field and Octave-Level Tech.
All of the above becomes stronger and stronger the more it is used and/or Repeated.
All of the above becomes stronger and stronger the more it is used and/or Repeated, with Resonance Field and Octave-Level Tech helping too.
All of the above respects Free Will eternally.
All of the above lasts forever, eternally and permanently.
All of the above happens instantly.
Focus Repeater energy to only what is necessary.
Focus Repeater energy to only what is needed.
For my highest good and for the highest good of all.
For my highest good and for the highest good of all.
Thank you.
Om.
Om Mani Padme Hum.
This is a combination of suggestions from reden , the community and myself.